hey guys it's Frank from gadget hacks
and today we're going to take a look at
getting Dolby Digital Plus audio
processing on your Nexus 4 now before we
begin make sure to grab the Nexus 4
Dolby Digital Plus mod file there will
be a link to this file and also a link
to a detailed article describing this
process in the description for this
video once that file is on your phone
you want to take your phone and let's
boot it in to its recovery so just hold
down the volume down button and the
power button from an off state and boot
it up like this and it will go into this
fastboot screen and then using the
volume up and down buttons we can scroll
through until you see recovery mode and
press power to select and it's going to
boot into our recovery just take a
moment here
all right now from our recovery I'm
using TW RP but any recovery is
basically going to be the same process
we're just going to select install and
then we're going to navigate to wherever
it is that we place these files I happen
to have them in the download folder
there we see Dolby Digital Plus version
5 Mako for the Nexus 4 and we also see
revert file in case something goes wrong
we want to try to undo these changes we
can flash that but in this case we're
just going to flash this file right here
and we can just swipe to confirm the
flash and it's not gonna take very long
at all we don't need to do any wipe or
anything like that we can just reboot
the system now we'll wait for our
operating system to come back up just
take a few moments I'm currently running
the Android L preview build but this
works just fine on this and on your
typical 4.4 roms just a note this this
mod is ported over from the the Ascend
p6 that comes with this this Dolby
Digital Plus built-in
all right now what we'll notice right
off the bat is that if we're going
through our apps we will see right there
Dolby Digital Plus we click to open this
app can't really do very much from this
screen we just basically see that we can
enable and disable it however when we go
to go into music settings there really
isn't anything to do here we see it down
at the bottom a little toast
notification that says for more effects
there's a plug in a headset so we're
gonna do that real quick here just plug
in our headset now we'll notice up in
that with that corner we see Dolby
Digital Plus music settings a persistent
sort of tray notification there and you
can see all the different possible music
settings for all the different genres of
music we have a default rock jazz pop
and scrolling down a little further we
have podcast 4 for listening to podcasts
and a variety of different settings I
can tell you from personal experience
having used this having listened to a
lot of music with it it is a noticeable
change if you switch it on and off you
can really tell the difference and it
really is something that I think yields
a really positive listening experience
versus any other equalizer settings or
anything like that that I have
experimented with so far one thing to
note is if your ROM does come with a DSP
manager some sort of DSP setting for for
doing a system-wide equalizer those
settings need to be disabled otherwise
this this effect will not work all right
well that's all for that very simple
little mod a very useful little mod so
be sure to try it out and let us know
what you think in the comments be sure
to like this video and subscribe to our
channel for more thanks